README.md, before:

# panoramix_of_the_day

![Application preview](./doc/app_preview.png)

The Chrome extension **Panoramix Day** is a simple but practical tool that let you see all the events on [Panoramix](hhtps://panoramix.epitest.eu) Epitech Master of Science calendar for today !

<div style="display: flex; gap: 10px">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/AntoineKoiko/Panoramix_day/total?style=for-the-badge" height="26px" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/AntoineKoiko/Panoramix_day?style=for-the-badge" height="26px" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/AntoineKoiko/Panoramix_day?style=for-the-badge" height="26px" />
</div>

[![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](#)
[![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=000)](#)

## 💾 Installation Guide

Download the latest release in the [releases section](https://github.com/AntoineKoiko/Panoramix_day/releases) or clone the repo.

Steps to install the extension:
- Go to chrome extensions tab (open chrome://extensions/)
- Enable developer mode (top right corner)
- Unzip the extension folder
- Click on "Load unpacked" and select the `app` directory in the unzipped folder

See Google Chrome tutorial [here](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/get-started/tutorial/hello-world#load-unpacked)

## 📝 Contributing

If you would like to contribute to the development of this extension or report issues, please open an issue on the GitHub repository or create a pull request.

If you have any questions or encounter issues with the extension, feel free to contact us via the GitHub repository.

Commit message:

doc(README.md): add Usage section

README.md, after:

# panoramix_of_the_day

![Application preview](./doc/app_preview.png)

The Chrome extension **Panoramix Day** is a simple but practical tool that let you see all the events on [Panoramix](hhtps://panoramix.epitest.eu) Epitech Master of Science calendar for today !

<div style="display: flex; gap: 10px">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/AntoineKoiko/Panoramix_day/total?style=for-the-badge" height="26px" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/AntoineKoiko/Panoramix_day?style=for-the-badge" height="26px" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/AntoineKoiko/Panoramix_day?style=for-the-badge" height="26px" />
</div>

[![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](#)
[![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=000)](#)

## 💾 Installation Guide

Download the latest release in the [releases section](https://github.com/AntoineKoiko/Panoramix_day/releases) or clone the repo.

Steps to install the extension:
- Go to chrome extensions tab (open chrome://extensions/)
- Enable developer mode (top right corner)
- Unzip the extension folder
- Click on "Load unpacked" and select the `app` directory in the unzipped folder

See Google Chrome tutorial [here](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/get-started/tutorial/hello-world#load-unpacked)

## Usage

The extension need to be authtified as an Epitech user, to do it you have to sign in to one of the Epitech applications like as an Epitech student / staff:
- [Gandalf](https://gandalf.epitech.eu/login/index.php)
- [Panoramix](https://panoramix.epitest.eu)
- [Intranet]https://intra.epitech.eu/
- An office 365 application with your `firstname.lastname@epitech.eu` account

Then you can clikc on the extension icon to open the popup and see your activities !

## 📝 Contributing

If you would like to contribute to the development of this extension or report issues, please open an issue on the GitHub repository or create a pull request.

If you have any questions or encounter issues with the extension, feel free to contact us via the GitHub repository.
